


               "Frequently Asked Questions About Red Boxing v.010"
                     by Mr. Sandman (an132432@anon.penet.fi)
                                     4/30/95

                                -={DISCLAIMER}=-

     I, the USENET Group, and the BBS/FTP directory containing this file are
not responsible, in any way, for the abuse of information contained in this
file.  This file was written to satisfy the curiosities of new-comers to the
alt.2600 USENET group and to stop all of the repetitive message threads
regarding Red Boxes.  I, the USENET Group, and the BBS/FTP directory
containing this file do not condone the use of ANY illegal device or
disregarding of the law.  If one abuses this info, they must accept FULL
responsibility for their actions.  If one cannot accept FULL responsibility
for their actions, they must stop reading this information now.

                                 -={Contents}=-

     I.     What is a Red Box?
     II.    How do I Build a Red Box?
              a) The Radio Shack Tone Dialer Red Box
              b) The Radio Shack Tone Dialer White/Red Box
  U           c) The Radio Shack Tone Dialer White/Red Box via Mercury Switch
  U           e) The Hallmark Recordable Card Red Box
     III.   How much does a Red Box Cost?
              a) The Cost to Construct a Red Box
              b) The Cost to Purchase a Red Box
     IV.    Is any Type of Red Box Better than Another?
     V.     How do I use a Red Box?
  U           a) Local Calls
              b) Non-Local and Long Distance Calls
              c) International Calls
     VI.    Can I Use my Red Box from my Home Phone?
     VII.   Can I Call 1-900 Numbers With a Red Box?
     VIII.  Who is Billed for the Calls I Make With a Red Box?
     IX.    What is the Legality of Red Boxing?
     X.     What are the Chances of Getting Caught Red Boxing?
     XI.    I Put the Red Box Tones on Tape. It Does not Work. Why not?
     XII.   Will an HP48G Calculator Work as a Red Box?
     XIII.  My Red Box does not Work from some Pay Phones. Why not?
              a) COCOT Phones
              b) Digital Pay Phones
              c) Pay Phone/Phone # Flagging
     XIV.   I Have a Really Cool Tone Program! Why Won't Every Tone Work?
     XV.    Credits
     XVI.   Conclusion
     XVII.  UUENCODEd and BINHEXed Files "part [2/2]"
              a) Red Box Schematics in GIF format
              b) Red Box Quarter Tones for Soundblaster
              c) Red Box Quarter Tones for Macintosh

                * = New since last release
                U = Updated since last release

          I. What Is a Red Box?

     A Red Box is an electronic device that produces the tones which tell a pay
phone that money has been inserted.  Depending upon the type of Red Box, it is
possible for a Red Box to generate the tones for a nickel, dime, and quarter.
Each coin is recognized by producing the 1700+2200mhz tones in different
patterns.  The Quarter tone is a 1700 and 2200 mhz tone that stays on for
33ms, off for 33ms, and is repeated five times. The Dime tone uses the
same tones, stays on for .06 seconds, off for .06 seconds, and is repeated
twice.  The Nickle tone uses the same tones and only stays on for .06
seconds.  In a nutshell, a Red Box is a device that allows you to make free
telephone calls by tricking the phone into thinking money has been deposited.

          II. How do I Build a Red Box?

     The construction of a Red Box is not too hard.  There are basically two
different types of Red Boxes people are using today which are either Radio Shac
k
Tone Dialer Red Boxes or Hallmark Recordable Card Red Boxes.  This file will
tell you how to construct both.

          a) The Radio Shack Tone Dialer Red Box

*     A very simple modification to Radio Shack pocket tone dialer part #43-
146 (roughly $25) can make it into a red box.  The modification consists of
changing the crystal frequency used to generate the microprocessor's
timing.  To make this modification you will need a Phillips screwdriver, a
flat head screwdriver, a soldering iron, a pair of long nose pliers, a
pair of wire cutters and a 6.5536, 6.5 (more accurate), or 6.49 (most
accurate) megahertz crystal.

     Orient the dialer with the keypad down and the speaker at the top.
Remove the battery compartment cover (and any batteries) to expose two
screws.  Remove these two screws and the two on the top of the dialer near
the speaker.  There are four plastic clips that are now holding the two
halves of the dialer together.  Push on the two bottom clips near the
battery compartment and pull up to separate the bottom part.  Now slide a
flat screwdriver into the seam on the left starting from the bottom and
moving towards the top.  (You may have to do this on the right side as
well.)

     When the two halves separate, slide the speaker half underneath the
other half while being careful not to break the wires connecting the two.
Locate the cylindrical metallic can (it's about half an inch long and an
eighth of an inch in diameter) and pull it away from the circuit board to
break the glue that holds it in place.  Unsolder this can, which is a
3.579545 MHz crystal, from the circuit board.

     The hard part of this modification is getting the new crystal to fit
properly.  If you are using the 6.5 MHz crystal, it is possible for the
crystal to fit next to the biggest capacitor or the LED.  However, if you
are using the 6.5536 MHz crystal, you may need to make some room. Bend the
three disk capacitors over,[And out of the way the best you can, making room
for the new crystal.  You may need to remove the screw in the way as well.]
Since the 6.5536 MHz crystal is probably much bigger than the crystal you are
replacing, you will need to bend the leads on the new crystal so that they
will match up will the pads on the circuit board. Place the new crystal on
the circuit board by soldering it in place.  As an added touch you might
peel the QC sticker off of the PC board and place it on top of the crystal.
Now carefully snap the two halves back together while checking to make sure
that none of the wires are getting pinched or are in the way of the screw
holes.  Put the case screws back ion and insert three AAA batteries into
the battery compartment.
     You dialer is now ready to test.  Switch the unit on.  The LED on the
dial pad side should be lit.  Set the lower slide switch to STORE mode.
Press the MEMORY button on the dial pad.  Press the * key five times.
Press the MEMORY key again and then press the P1 key.  A beep tone when any
key is pressed and a long beep should sound after the P1 key has been
pressed to indicate that the programming sequence was performed correctly.

     Switch the unit into DIAL mode.  press the P1 key, and five tone
pulses that sound remarkably like coin tones should come out of the
speaker.  I usually program P1 to be four quarters (insert one or two
PAUSE's between each set of five tones), P2 to be two quarters, and P3 as
one quarter.  Of course, you can no longer use the unit to generate touch
tones.....

     The crystal is available from Fry's Electronics in Freemont, CA for
$0.89 plus the charge for UPS Red or Blue.  Their number is 415-770-3763.
I would suggest buying five, some for future use and some just in case you
cut the leads too short when trying this project. *(1)

Other Companies where you can obtain the 6.5536mhz crystal:
*
Digi-Key
701 Brooks Avenue South
P.O. Box 677
Thief River Falls, MN 56701-0677
(80)344-4539
Part Number:X415-ND    /* Note: 6.500Mhz and only .197 x .433 x .149! */
Part Number:X018-ND

JDR Microdevices:
2233 Branham Lane
San Jose, CA 95124
(800)538-5000
Part Number: 6.5536MHZ

Tandy Express Order Marketing
401 NE 38th Street
Fort Worth, TX 76106
(800)241-8742
Part Number: 10068625
*(2)

[ The UUENCODEd format of the Red Box GIF file. Is pasted to the end of this
   FAQ. It is a color schematic which may help you out a bit when you open
   up the Radio Shack Tone Dialer and start working on it.  To put it back
   in GIF format, you must have either the DOS UUDECODE program or access to
   the UNIX UUDECODE program. ]

          b) The Radio Shack Tone Dialer Red/White Box

     This type of Red Box is slightly better than the standard
Tone Dialer conversion. However, the mercury switch version is better. I
would not recomend beuilding this type of Red Box unless you cannot build
the mercury switch Red Box.

* A true phreak always has a DTMF tone dialer at hand..along with a red box!
My personal favorite is the COMBO-BOX (red box plus DTMF). Take a Radio Shack
Tone Dialer with memory and open up the back. Remove the little 3.579 MHz
crystal (looks like a metalcylinder..unsolder it) and solder on a couple of
thin, insulated wires where the crystal was attached. Then, thread the wires
thru one of the "vents" in the back of the tone dialer. Get ahold of a 6.5536
MHz crystal, some quick drying epoxy, and a Radio Shack mini Toggle Switch,
DPDT, cat. no 275-626

Close the tone dialer, with the two wires sticking out one of the back vents
and screw it up tight. Now, attach the crystals and wires to the switch like
this with solder:
                              I^^^^^I
                              I      xx  <3.579 crystal>small one
                              I     I
 toggle switch    ->   oooooo X      xxxxs <two wires>
                              I     I
                              I      xx  <6.5536 crystal>big one
                              I     I
                               ^^^^^^

Each "xx" prong in the diagram is actually TWO prongs. Hook up the two leads
from the crystals to separate prongs (same with the wires).

Now, epoxy this gizmo to the side of the tone dialer use ALOT of epoxy, as you
must make the switch/crystals essentially EMBEDDED in epoxy resin. like this:


Front View ->       ----------------------
                    I                    I T <-toggle switch
                    I  oo    oo     oo   I---
                    I                    I  |
                    I                    I---
                    I   1    2     3     I B s <-two crystals(b=big,s=small)
                    I                    I  |     in epoxy "blob"
                    I   4    5     6     I _
                    I                    I
                    I   7    8     9     I  ^two wires running to back of unit
                    I                    I
                    I   *    0     #     I
                    I                    I
                    ----------------------

                    ----------------------
Back View ->        I                    I
                 T  I  o      ----   o-----------------------vent (1 of 4)
                --- I    /          \    I
               |    I   |         -----------------speaker
                --- I   |            |   I
                s B I   |            |   I
 2 wires    ->   \-----o      ----   o   I
 running into       I                    I
 vent               I                    I
                    I                    I
                    I                    I
                    I                    I
                    ----------------------

Make sure the epoxy is really gobbed on there. You want to be certain the
switch and crystals are firmly attached and secure in a matrix of epoxy. The
epoxy doesn't conduct electricity, so don't worry about shorting out the
connections to the toggle switch. Just don't gum up the action of the switch!

Basically, you've altered the device so you can select between 2 crystals to
generate the timing for the microprocessor in the tone dialer.

Now turn on the tone dialer NOW, you can easily switch between the 2 crystal
types the small crystal will generate ordinary DTMF tones but, by simply
flicking the switch, you generate HIGHER tones now, using the memory function
of the tone dialer, save 5 "*" in the P1 location, now dial the P1 location
using the BIG crystal, sure sounds like the tones for a QUARTER, doesn't it!

Carry this around with you always. It will come in handy with both Telco
payphones AND COCOTs! No Phreak should be without one! *(3)

          c) The Radio Shack Tone Dialer Red/White Box via Mercury Switch

     The best type of White/Red Box (a Red Box that also works as a key pad)
uses a mercury switch.  You can order the mercury switch many electronics
supply stores. The concept is simple.  When you are holding the Tone Dialer
the normal way, it will work as a standard Tone Dialer (White Box). However,
if you hold the thing upside down, it will work as a Red Box.  Not only does
this add a little security for you (most cops would not hold the thing upside
down), but it is also possible to use this device from COCOT phones (more on
this later).
     In order to make this device, open up the Radio Shack Tone Dialer but
DO NOT touch the 3.579 crystal!  Leave the 3.579 crystal in its place. Now,
place the mercury switch so that when you are holding the Tone Dialer upright,
the 3.579 crystal will not be cut off.  Next, solder the Red Box crystal to
the mercury switch.  If you hold the thing upside down, the mercury switch
should cut off the 3.579 crystal and replace it with the Red Box crystal.
Now all you have to do is put the Tone Dialer back together and program it.
If for some reason you cannot get this to work, you can buy 2 switching
diodes for roughly $0.20.  You can use these to isolate the two crystals
fairly easilly. *(4)
     If you cannot get the above method to work, you could try constructing
it in a similar fashion to the way you would build the Box in Section B.
However, you would substitute the Mercury switch in place of the toggle
switch.  You should also find a place to mount your crystals on the inside
of the Red Box rather than putting them on the outside.
    Apparently, Radio Shack does not sell Mercury Switches anymore.  However,
some people claim that there are old electronics supply stores that still
have the Radio Shack Mercury switch.  If you are going to try and find the
Radio Shack switch, it is model # 275-040.
*   I would suggest, however, that you get them from a mail order
place.  Two good places that come to mind are All Electronics
(1-800-826-5432) and Hosfelt Electronics (1-800-524-6464).  I can't
seem to find my All Electronics catalog, but Hosfelt's current catalog
lists the following mercury switches:

#51-234 Glass bulb mercury switch
1" long x 1/4" dia. with 1-1/4" leads
rated @ 750mA $.99

#51-279 Glass bulb mercury switch
1-1/8" long x 1/8" dia. with 1" leads
rated @ 300mA $.99

#51-180 Metal encapsulated mercury switch
3/8" dia. x 13/16" long
actuation angle 45 deg.
rated @ 5A  $.99                          *(5)

[ The UUENCODEd format of the Red Box GIF file. Is pasted to the end of this
   FAQ. It is a color schematic which may help you out a bit when you open
   up the Radio Shack Tone Dialer and start working on it.  To put it back
   in GIF format, you must have either the DOS UUDECODE program or access to
   the UNIX UUDECODE program. ]


          c) The Hallmark Recordable Card Red Box
*
 Materials:

    a) 1 Hallmark digital recording card
    b) 1 1/8 inch mono phono plug
    c) 2 insulated aligator clips (optional)
    d) 1 SPST switch, or momentary contact NORMALLY CLOSED
    e) The sound of magical quarter tones - you can get these from pay
       phones, computer sound files (QUARTER.VOC is one), other red
       boxes, tape recorders, etc.
    f) A case of some sort (I used a case from a DAT, but anything you
       can put the stuff in will work. Perhaps the case from a data tape
       or an 8mm videotape, or just a cassette.)
    g) A Tube of silicone sealant (epoxy will probably do, I just happened
       to have silicone on hand)
    h) Electrical wiring of at least two different colors (optional)

 What To Do:

1. Remove all components from the plastic thing inside the card. This
   includes sliding the battery pack out of its drawer.

2. Cut the following wires: (Colors of wires may be different! Mark where
                             each one goes for reference.)
     Both wires going to microphone (both are green, mark which one goes to
     the center of the mike)
     Both wires to the battery pack (red and white).  Mark where each of
     these wires were connected on the battery pack or you may screw up
     the polarity.
     Both wires to the switch mechanism (green and black)

2a. (optional)  It is a wise idea (if you are fairly experienced

     at soldering/desoldering on small PC boards) to desolder all the wires
     and replace them with ones of a thicker gauge. The ones that Hallmark
     supplies are just too damn thin and have a real tendency to break at
     connections. Remember, the wires in this are supposed to be protected
     in the little plastic grooves that you removed them from.

3. Discard the switch mechanism.

4. Wrap the battery pack in electrical tape (I used red tape just to be
   cheesy, since the box is clear).

5. Solder the SPST switch to the black and green wires that used to go to
   the original switch (polarity is not important).

6. Solder the phono plug to the two green wires. Polarity shouldn't really
   be important, but to be on the safe side, the wire that that went to the
   center of the mike (I told you to mark it) should go to the TIP of the
   plug.
   If you are going to mass produce Hallmark Red Boxes, you should use the
   aligator clip method to save time. Take two different wires and solder
   each of them to one aligator clip. Then take the other ends of the wires
   and solder them to them to the phono plug. Mark which one is soldered to
   the tip.  In order to record the tone, plug the headphone jack into your
   soundcard and attach the aligator clips to the two wires once running
   to the microphone. This method will save you time and money if you are
   planning to mass produce the Hallmark Red Box.

7. Connect the battery (This battery pack puts out 6.25 V DC. I suppose
   you could replace it with another battery, but why bother?)  Polarity
   is extremely important! (Polarity is why you should mark them) The red wire
   goes to the positive terminal, and the white goes to the negative.  On my
   box, if the pack is lying flat, with the exposed part of the batteries
   pointing up, the positive terminal is the one on the left (if you are
   facing the terminals). I'd use a multimeter just to be sure.

8. Glue the PC board to the top of the battery (this saves space and hassle
   later, but is not necessary for operation).

9. Program the thing.... I used the QUARTER.VOC file and I looped it 10
   times, with a random delay of between .5 and 1 seconds between each
   quarter (who puts them in at regular intervals anyway?) If you have this
   file, plug the phono plug into your sound card, turn the volume way down
   (trial and error will give you the proper volume) and play the VOC file
   (after setting the switch on the PC board to the record position, and
   flipping the SPST at the beginning of the VOC file).

10. Test it....  Best way to test is to call long distance Directory
    Assistance (I'm partial to 808-555-1212 which is Hawaii). If it doesn't
    work, go back to step 9. The ideal volume is one that can be heard
    clearly, but does not cause the speaker to break up.

11. Once  you  have  the  thing programmed, there is no need to keep the
    phono plug attached. If you want to save room, cut it off.

12. Put the thing in the case. Drill several holes in the case where the
    speaker will  mount.  I mounted the speaker with silicon very carefully
    applied to the edges of the speaker. Same was true of the battery pack.
    The switch obviously mounts in a hole on the side of the case.

-Why the SPST Switch?

 First off, I thought the switch that came with the thing looked really
 cheaply made, and would probably break. Secondly, by putting in a switch
 instead of a momentary switch, it allows me to record $2.50 on the box, and
 play the whole thing back just by flipping the switch, rather than having
 to hold it down.*(6)

 [ For your ease, I have included the UUENCODEd formats of the QUARTER.VOC
   file and a Quarter Tone for the Macintosh ( which can be used above in
   place of QUARTER.VOC if you are a MAC user) at the end of this FAQ. If you
   follow the above instructions, you will find it is easiest to use these
   sound files with this type of Red Box.  Once again, you must use
   UUDECODE in order to convert the file back to binary. ]


          III. How much does a Red Box Cost?

          a) The Cost to Construct a Red Box

     The cost to construct a Red Box depends upon which type of Red Box you are
going to build.  If you decide to build the Radio Shack Tone Dialer Red Box, th
e
parts are probably going to cost you between 20-35 dollars total.  Crystals
are being sold for roughly $1.56 plus shipping and handling and the tone
dialers are running between $15.00 and $25.00.  If you decide to build the
Hallmark Recordable Card Red Box, it is going to cost you approximately 10
dollars.

          b) The Cost to Purchase a Red Box

     If you decide to go out and purchase a Red Box from someone (and after
reading this info, I don't know why you would), you are going to pay anywhere
from between 50-200 dollars depending upon how much of a sucker you are.
However, if you decide to sell the devices that you have made, you can make a
lot of money.  I'll let you do the math.

          IV. Is any Type of Red Box Better than Another?

     The answer to this question depends upon what you are looking for.  The
Hallmark Recordable Card Red Box is definitely cheaper to build.  Plus, if you
sell this type of Red Box, you can still charge anywhere from between the above
range and thus make about 15-20 dollars more per Red Box you sell.  However, it
is not very durable.  After awhile, you are going to have to build another Red
Box if you use this type.  Also, construction of the Hallmark Red Box may take
longer if you do not record the tones at the right volume.  If the tones are to
o
quiet or so loud that they are distorted, your Red Box will not work. Thus, a
lot of trial and error is involved with the Hallmark Recordable Card Red Box.
     If you decide to build the Radio Shack Tone Dialer Red Box, you are going
to have to shell out a few more bucks in order to get the parts to build it.
Also, it is going to take awhile to get these parts because, most likely, you
are going to have to mail order the Tone Dialer through Radio Shack and the
crystal through a separate company.  However, once you have the parts, it is no
t
too hard to construct the box.  Also, you will not have to go through the same
trial and error tests that you would with the Hallmark Red Box.  The Tone Diale
r
Red Box will simply work or not work.  Plus, the Radio Shack Tone Dialer Red Bo
x
is much more durable.  If you take care of the Tone Dialer Red Box, you may be
able to use it until the Red Box becomes obsolete. Finally, it is possible for
some Tone Dialers to be converted into Red Boxes while still having the
capability to be used as a standard Tone Dialer (or White Box). This would give
you the advantage of making a free call from a COCOT (more on this later).


          V. How do I use a Red Box?

     To actually use the Red Box is simple.  All you have to do is hold the
speaker of the Red Box up to the receiver of the pay phone and press the button
to create the tones.  However, when and why you use the Red Box will be
different depending upon where you are making the phone call to.

          a) Local Calls

     Using a Red Box to make local calls can be rather difficult for the
beginner.  However, there are many ways to do it.  The first way is to simply
insert a nickel and then you can use your Red Box to do the rest.  However, I
would not recommend that you use this method because there are other ways to
make local calls for free.  Afterall, you did make the Red Box in order to make
free calls right?
*    The second way you can make a free local call is by dialing 411 or 555-
1212. When the human operator comes on, ask them for the number of the person
you are trying to call.  At this point, an automated operator will come on
the line, tell you the number, and then tell you that if you press a number,
the number will be dialed for an extra 35 cents.  Press the number and then
use your Red Box.  Your call should go through.
     The fourth way is to dial 10288 followed by the number you want to call.
At this point, an automated operator will come on the line and tell you to
deposit the money.  Use your Red Box now and your call should be put through.
*(7)

          b) Non-Local and Long Distance Calls

     By far, these are the easiest calls to make.  All you have to do is dial
the number you want to call.  Then an automated operator will get on the line
and tell you to deposit money.  Hold your Red Box to the receiver, press the
button, and you should have a nice phone call courtesy of the phone company.

          c) International Calls

*    These are relatively simple, but you are going to be hassled by the
operator quite often during the call.  First, dial the number you want to call.
A human operator will come on the line and ask you to deposit quite a bit of
money.  The operator will then attempt to connect you to the number.  If
the operator is successful, you will then be asked to insert even more money.
Use your Red Box whenever the operator asks you for money.  Besides the fact
that the operator will come on the line frequently, you should not have any
other problems making this type of call with a Red Box. *(8)

          VI. Can I Use my Red Box from my Home Phone?

     No. No. No. Once again, NO!  There will be a bunch of people who will
tell you that you can but the answer is no.  A Red Box will only work from
a payphone.  There is no way to spoof the phone company into thinking that
a standard home phone # is a payphone.  Also, if there was a way to do this,
you'd have to be crazy or incredibly stupid to do it.  It would not take
any time at all for the phone company to tell your phone was not a payphone.
All they would have to do is come to your house and arrest you. However, there
is no way for you to do this so do not spend time worrying about using a Red
Box from home.

          VII. Can I Call 1-900 Numbers With a Red Box?

     No.  In fact, it is not possible to dial a 1-900 number on any payphone
as far as I know.  When you dial a 1-900 number on a payphone, you should
get the "Your call cannot be completed as dialed" message.  As a result,
it is not possible for you to use a Red Box to make 1-900 calls.

          VIII. Who is Billed for the Calls I Make With a Red Box?

     Nobody is billed for the calls you make with a Red Box.  This is what
makes Red Boxing so beautiful.  If you really want to know, the phone
company is billed for the call.  However, most phone calls do not cost
the phone company a penny.  Also, it is hard to feel guilty stealing a
few cents from the phone company when they charge you hundreds of dollars
a month for the same service. The phone company tries to disguise their greed
by blaming fraudulent calls for the ever increasing cost of phone calls.  Do
not buy into this lame guilt-trip and threat.  The phone company is always
raising their fees.  As a result, the phone company is using the myth of
an overwhelming number of fraudulent calls in order to make a profit.
Thus, considering the phone company still makes a profit, nobody loses any
money when you make a call using a Red Box.

          IX. What is the Legality of Red Boxing?

*    Title 18 of the United States Code section 1029 states that standard
phreaking devices, such as blue boxes, used to steal phone service from [...]
switches, are unquestionably "counterfeit access devices." It is not only
illegal to use counterfeit access devices, but it is even illegal to
build them. "Producing," "designing," "duplicating," or "assembling" [...]
boxes are all federal crimes today, and if you do this, the Secret Service has
been charged by Congress to come after you. *(9)
     Basically, you have no legal rights to own a red box.  If you are caught
with possession of a red box, you could be arrested on the spot whether or
not you actually used it.  There is only one thing that can be said about
Red Boxing due to this code... don't get caught.  There will be no excuse
you can give for possessing a red box.  Think of it as the same as possessing
illegal narcotics.

          X. What are the Chances of Getting Caught Red Boxing?

     There is not much of a chance that you are going to get caught using a Red
Box.  However, since paranoia is a criminal's best friend (it does keep you
free), you may want to take certain precautions. But overall, the odds of you
getting caught are slim.
     The only person who would have to worry about getting caught using a Red
Box is the college student. It seems that most college students use Red Boxes
to trim down their phone bill by calling their friends with it.  However,
most people who use Red Boxes in college did not purchase or construct a
Red Box until later in their college years.  As a result, they potentially
have made many phone calls to their friends from their rooms already.
Most colleges have their own telecommunications offices which keep a record
of every call someone makes for billing purposes.  All of these records are
kept on a computer.
     If the phone company is able to determine which phone calls are being
made with the Red Box, it would be very easy to catch the college student.
The phone company could simply contact the college's telecommunications
office and have them run a record search for the phone number called with
the Red Box.  If a student made calls to a number from thier room and the
same number was made from a payphone with a Red Box, it would be enough
circumstantial evidence for the student to be investigated.  The lesson of
this story is if you are a college student, do not use a Red Box to call
phone numbers you have already called from your room.
     Now along the lines of paranoia, a person who was once on a BBS I called
WAS actually busted for Red Boxing.  Apparently, the phone that he used was
being watched by the phone company because so many people had been Red Boxing o
n
it.  The kid I knew used this phone to make his phone call and used his real
name while he was talking to the person.  A few days later, some police officer
s
showed up at his door to question the kid.  However, they did not have a warran
t
for his arrest or to search his home.  The moron got busted because when the
cops asked him if he had used an illegal means to make the phone call from that
one pay phone, he replied, "Yes."  This kid made a mistake because he admitted
he was guilty.  If he had said no, the cops would have been forced to leave.
The kid could then have trashed all evidence.  But this kid was a moron.
     Basically, there are two ways to avoid this situation.  One is if the cops
come to your home, do not tell them you did anything wrong.  The other is to
simply not use your real name on a pay phone.  Keep in mind that this case is
almost unheard of and is, most likely, NEVER going to happen to you.
     The other paranoia, which actually makes a little more sense than the
above, is involved in the purchasing of parts through Radio Shack.  Many people
do not know why Radio Shack asks you for your name and home address when you
purchase something from them.  Radio Shack claims it is so they can mail you
things but I have never known anyone who has received any Radio Shack mailings.
Anyways, when the Radio Shack clerk asks you for your name, just give him a
fake.  Do not bother telling him you refuse to give him your name because it is
a waste of time.  If you give him fake info or someone else's name, they will g
o
on record for purchasing the parts to a Red Box and you will not have to worry
your little paranoid head.
     Once again, I would like to stress that you must be extremely paranoid if
either of the above REALLY worry you.  Neither are likely to cause you any
problems and the validity of both stories are rather sketchy.

          XI. I Put the Red Box Tones on Tape. It Does not Work. Why not?

     If only the construction of a Red Box could be as simple as using
a mini-tape recorder to record the tones off of your SB.  Unfortunately,
this will not work due to the fact that tape recorders are Analog and not
Digital.  As a result, when one tries to record the tones onto a tape, they
will become too distorted and will no longer work.  The reason the Hallmark
Recordable Card Red Box works is because it uses a Digital means of recording
the tones.  Thus, if the sound volume is set right on the computer when
playing the tones, they will not be distorted while recording.

          XII. Will an HP48G Calculator Work as a Red Box?

     No.  There are many devices that can produce a single tone.  However,
this is why the HP48G Calculator and some other sound devices will not
work as a Red Box.  The Red Box tones are two tones played together.  As
a result, the calculator will not work because it is not able to produce
both of these tones at the same time.

          XIII. My Red Box does not Work from some Pay Phones. Why not?

     My first response to this would be, "Have you tested the Red Box well and
had any success with it at all?"  If not, your Red Box is a dud and you will
have to start over.  However, if you have succeeded in making a call with it
before, or unless you have tested it on either of the phones listed below, then
it is not a faulty Red Box causing the problem.

          a) COCOT Phones

     If you are trying to use a Red Box on a COCOT (Customer Owned Coin Operate
d
Telephone), you can forget about it because it is not going to work.  This is
due to the fact that these phones do not belong to the phone company.  They are
privately owned telephones.  If you are curious as to whether or not you are
using a COCOT, try dialing ANI on it.  Normally, this will give you a weird
message or simply wont work which is an easy clue as to whether or not you are
on a COCOT.
     However, it is still possible to get free calls from a COCOT phone.  COCOT
phones are where the Red and White Box roled into one is useful.  There is a
fairly old trick which still seems to work today.  What you can do is dial an
800 number and wait for a connection.  Once you get the connection, simply do
not say anything and wait for the person on the other end to hang up.  After th
e
800 number has hung up on you, you should get a dial tone.  However, it is not
possible for you to use the keypad of the pay phone to dial.  Instead, switch
your Red Box over to White Box mode, hold it to the receiver and dial the numbe
r
on the Red/White Box keypad.  This should connect you to the number you have
dialed.

          b) Digital Pay Phones

*    Digital pay phones are the new and improved pay phone. It is not possible
for a Red Box to work on any digital pay phone.  It is the digital pay phone
that will eventually cause the Red Box to become obsolete.  However, it is goin
g
to be an expensive and lengthy process for the phone company to convert every
pay phone over to a digital pay phone so you should be able to use a Red Box fo
r
quite some time.  Needless to say, if you are trying to use a Red Box on a
digital pay phone, it is not going to work. *(10)

          c) Pay Phone/Phone # Flagging

     It is very possible that the payphone you are using or the phone # you
are trying to call has been flagged.  This happens when there is repeated
abuse to a certain payphone or phone #.  Flagging can be unpredictable.
The major paranoids will tell you that flagging will cause an operator to
listen in on your call.  This may or may not be true.  However, the easiest
way to determine if a phone or phone # has been flagged is to pick up the
phone and dial the number.  If the number or phone is flagged, most times
you simply will not reach ACTS.  Instead, a live operator will come on the
line and ask how they can help.  As a result, you will never have the
option of usng your Red Box.  If this happens, either insert real quarters
or just hang-up the phone.  In a nutshell, if you do not reach ACTS when
dialing a number, the phone or phone # is most likely flagged.

          XIV. I Have a Really Cool Tone Program! Why Won't Every Tone Work?

     Alright, even though some of you are probably asking "What does this
have to do with Red Boxing?", I received a lot of mail asking about this so
I decided to include the answer here.  First, the tones are not working
because they are not Red Box tones.  Second, the other tones that you may have
are potentially of no use to you from a payphone anymore.  Green Box tones
no longer work so please stop asking if you can get the coin return tone
to give you change.  Many of these tone programs are useless today depending
upon where you live. However, I am not going to answer anymore questions
that do not deal with Red Boxing so please do not ask anymore.


          XV. Credits

     As one can probably tell, I did not come up with most of this info.
Everything you have read I learned through others while running a BBS or from
people who wrote informational files.  The parts of this file that are enclosed
in *'s and are followed by a number were works written by other people which I
did not change much, if at all.  Below are the names of the people who wrote
these files. Thanks for the info guys!


(1) Clayton, Noah. "Converting a Tone Dialer into a Red Box" Reprinted, (c)

         1990, 2600 Enterprises, Inc. Volume Seven, Number Three Autumn, 1990.

         Typed by Havok Halcyon.

(2) Spencer, Will. "The alt.2600/#hack FAQ version .010 Beta" 1995.

(3) Count Zero. "COCOT Phones" 1991.

(4) an224676@anon.penet.fi "Switchable Red Box" 1995.

(5) positron@ix.netcom.com (Positron) "Re: Mercury Switches?" 1995.

(6) Toxic Avenger. "The Ten Dollar Red Box" 1994.

(7) Spencer, Will. "The alt.2600/#hack FAQ version .010 Beta" 1995.

(8) The New York Hack Exchange BBS. "The Art of Red Boxing" 1992.

(9) jjetton@delphi.com. "Re: Red box Legality?" 1995.

(10) The New York Hack Exchange BBS. "The Art of Red Boxing" 1992.

          XVI. Conclusion

     This wraps up the latest release of the Red Box FAQ file.  I hope some
people will actually read this damn thing and not ask questions covered in this
file.  If you have any corrections or new ideas you would like to see
covered in this FAQ, please send me E-Mail at an132432@anon.penet.fi.  However,
DO NOT send me questions.  Also, PLEASE use PGP to encrypt your messages to
me.  If you do not encrypt them, I will probably ignore them.  If the question
is not covered in the FAQ, then post it to alt.2600.  You will be more likely
to get a response from there.  Anyways, hope you enjoyed this FAQ, and in the
words of Alfred E. Neuman, "Nowadays, the perfect crime is getting caught
and then selling your story to TV!" Remember those words, Mitnick!

                                             Hasta,
                                                  Mr. Sandman
-----BEGIN PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----
Version: 2.3a

mQCNAi9Bc44AAAEEALD9Tyuu+YTIy2F8nmIGjABpAwD5YVXRzR3nGOZuZeKdtkyu
9k4vDTdaoVQsm/kzjA3MTNurd0Q6woE8+jBIsFwwrb3jyq9tTPY+Z1fH+AjN5rwS
GZpndp4qFWSzSboMtX5XNlZ659I3ib8t9jIEko9nQRwPQepSHk2vJDMZL9dFAAUR
tCRNci4gU2FuZG1hbiA8YW4xMzI0MzJAYW5vbi5wZW5ldC5maT4=
=txl2
-----END PGP PUBLIC KEY BLOCK-----

